[Music]
oh my god I love this what song this
song give me your enemy I love let's
mark it down on you yet on some real
guys who don't go down on you in
this day and age are straight-up
sociopathic wait can I tweet my thing
about sociopath a spread the good word
girl thank you can you imagine if any of
this got out are you guys seeing this
right now have a Salem just got hacked
do you think this is a game who was it
when we closed it why would he say that
that's not true
you're lying can't
believe we should do something how many
people are gonna believe this how many
people are gonna think that I did this
[Music]
we're bringing all you to
justice
who knows
maybe I'll get pissed off and fight back
[Music]
I'm sick of this ship
[Applause]
me kill me but she can't kill us I guess
your generation is a little desensitized
[Music]